1.Enitities-Entities are container objects into which components can be attached, 
similar to <div> tags.

2.Components are reusable modules or data containers that can be attached
to entities to provide appearance, behavior, and/or functionality.

3.A-Frame entity is represented by <a-entity> tag.

4.Entity can be used to control the behavior and functionalities of the 
A-Frame component like positions, shape, animations.

5.Without any components, the entity does not have any functionality of its own.

6.We can mention the “property” we want to animate and set different attributes for that property 
such as “from”, “to”, “dur”, “easing”, “loop” etc. ,to animate the entity.

7.property: Property to animate, it can be component name, 
property of any component,or just an attribute.

8.from: The initial value of the property, if not specified the current 
property value of the entity will be used.

9.to: The final/target value of the property at the end of animation.

10.dur: Duration of the animation cycle i.e. for how long each animation will be executed.
 The duration is mentioned in milliseconds. Default value is 1000 milliseconds(1 sec= 1000 milliseconds).

11.easing: It is a timing function, which can be used to change the animation 
speed per animation cycle. Default value is “easeInQuad”.

12.loop: How many loops(number) i.e. many times the animation should repeat,
if the value i strue, the animation will repeat infinitely

13.arc: This attribute sets the arc length of the tube. Default value is 360 degrees, 
a complete circular tube. 

14.radius: This attribute sets the radius of the tube. 

14.radius-tubular: This attribute sets the thickness of the tube. 

15.segments-tubular: This attribute sets the number of segments the tube is made of. 
Default value is 32 segments.

16.<a-scene> represents the system in A-Frame which globally manages all entities and its components.

17.AFRAME.registerComponent (name, definition)
   name: is the component name; it is of string data type. Here ‘box’ is the name of the component.

18.definition: contains the component definition. It is a JavaScript object which has schema and lifecycle handler methods(init, update, tick, remove etc)

19.schema: is an object that defines the property names, its types and default values. Schema defines the shape of the data.
 
Life Cycle handler methods:-
init: is used to set up the initial state. It is called once when the component is initialized.
update: is used to modify the entity.
remove: is used to undo all previous modifications to the entity.
tick: is used for checking continuous changes. It is called on every render loop of the scene.
this.el.getAttribute(): to get the current values of the position attribute
this.el.setAttribute(): to set the updated value of the position attribute.

querySelector() function helps to select the particular entity element once the id is given to the entities.
createElement() which will help us in creating the new entity
